Use Nile's Signer (#283)
OpenZeppelin/cairo-contracts: docs/Account.md

### Signer

The signer is responsible for creating a transaction signature with the user's private key for a given transaction. This implementation utilizes [Nile's Signer](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/nile/blob/main/src/nile/signer.py) class to create transaction signatures through the `Signer` method `sign_transaction`.

`sign_transaction` expects the following parameters per transaction:

* `sender` the contract address invoking the tx
* `calls` a list containing a sublist of each call to be sent. Each sublist must consist of:
    1. `to` the address of the target contract of the message
    2. `selector` the function to be called on the target contract
    3. `calldata` the parameters for the given `selector`
* `nonce` an unique identifier of this message to prevent transaction replays. Current implementation requires nonces to be incremental
* `max_fee` the maximum fee a user will pay

Which returns:

* `calls` a list of calls to be bundled in the transaction
* `calldata` a list of arguments for each call
* `sig_r` the transaction signature
* `sig_s` the transaction signature

> While the `Signer` class performs much of the work for a transaction to be sent, it neither manages nonces nor invokes the actual transaction on the Account contract. Those functions can be done manually; however, this implementation abstracts that all away with `ActivatedSigner`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While the `Signer` class performs much of the work for a transaction to be sent, it neither manages nonces nor invokes the actual transaction on the Account contract. To simplify Account management, most of this is abstracted away with `ActivatedSigner`.
```

### ActivatedSigner utility

> The `ActivatedSigner` class in [utils.py](../tests/utils.py) is used to perform transactions on a given Account, crafting the tx and managing nonces. In order for a transaction to be sent, this utility performs the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ActivatedSigner` class in [utils.py](../tests/utils.py) is used to perform transactions on a given Account, crafting the transaction and managing nonces. In order for a transaction to be sent, this utility performs the following:
```

I think the following section could be iterated a bit on content and format.

* checks nonce
  * if none is given, it fetches the nonce from the Account contract via `get_nonce`

> * reformats callarray

Reviewer: should "callarray" be formatted somehow? has been defined before? reformat how?

Author: Good questions. It's really just converting callarray[0] to hex so "reformat" isn't correct. I'll better explain this and include where it's first defined as well.

>   * a necessary process to convert the `to` contract address to hexadecimal format

Reviewer: why is it necessary?

Author: Because Nile converts `to` to base-16 which requires the `to` address to be a string. Converting the address with `str()` creates an integer that exceeds Cairo's `FIELD_PRIME`...I'll add this to the docs :)

* passes transaction data to Nile's `Signer`
  * this returns the signature for the transaction as well as the `calls` and `calldata`

* invokes the Account contract's `__execute__` method

>   * where the transaction is finally sent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
